Carroll was convicted in 2004 for
the murders of 14 young women.
The warden granted Joe Carroll's
request for a transfer. He's leaving.
Joe's not in the transport
vehicle. Where the hell is he?
- So Joe's free. Now I get locked up.
- Protective custody. Better if I don't know.
Hey. Morning. I know you're scared
of me. but I hope that will change.
- My son needs a mother.
- I have an idea how we can find her.
She has to die because
you slept with Joe's wife.
- Why did you do it?
- Because I love her.
Nick Donovan made an encrypted call
checking the status of Claire Matthews.
Your wife is in
Huntingdon County.
- What's taking her so long?
- I looked all over. She and Joey are gone.
Emma. Why did you leave us?
If you don't get him to a
hospital. he's going to die.
You can do this.
I'm sorry.
I received a very
exciting e-mail.
I wanted to tell you about it.
but I thought I'd surprise you.
Man. you're a heavy sleeper.
Get up. You don't wanna
sleep the day away.
What are you doing here?
I'm trying to get you up. Now.
go. come on. get in the shower.
Heh. you're gonna
miss breakfast.
And now...
an update from
Richmond. Virginia.
A press conference has not
eased our nation's paranoia...
as we've learned that
FBI. CIA and NSA...
are now all in pursuit of Joe
Carroll and his cult of serial killers.
Amanda Porter's
not exactly talking.
No. I take that back.
She's actually saying a lot.
- And what is she saying? PARKER:
Well. let's see. Uh. she's a Pisces.
Favorite movie is The Notebook.
She's an advocate for the death penalty.
She believes in creationism over
evolution. enjoys '70s soft rock...
and hates peanut butter.
whole milk and Anne Hathaway.
- They gotta let me talk to her.
- I agree. But it's D.C.'s show now.
I mean. it's their call.
Hey. you gotta let me
talk to Amanda Porter.
- It's not going to happen. Ryan.
- Come on. This woman knows me.
- I broke her once.
- He's right. he should be there.
Ah. if D.C. guys can't break
her. I'll recommend it. okay?
We got another problem.
- Quantico found a break in their server.
- We were hacked?
Where was their fail-safe?
- Stalled.
Lines were interrupted
for several seconds.
A worm encrypted with a virus.
- What did they access?
- Telecommunications log.
Calls to Protective Custody. It's
possible Joe made an attempt...
to trace Claire Matthews
via our satellite system.
We gotta move her. - Yes. we do.
Ah. but we need you to convince
her of that. Will you call her?
Using what phone exactly?
No. I'm gonna do it in person.
Get me a chopper. I wanna
be in charge of her safety detail.
- Like hell.
- Let him go.
- He's not an agent. Debra.
- It's not negotiable.
The cell tower linked to your wife is
near a roadside motel on Highway 31.
Typically. there's five to
six agents per safe house...
in a designated area
away from guests.
I'm thinking an M17 or my
Micro Uzi with a silencer.
- You ex-military?
- Hell. no. We're better than that.
- They were both raised by militia.
- Well. constitutional extremists...
to be accurate.
- You sure about this?
- You want your wife back.
These two can do it. They've
got the skills and the know-how.
You go with them. Roderick.
I can't. I gotta work
today. Duty calls.
Oh. I'm sure you'll work it out.
Heh. I'm sure I can't.
I insist. Roderick.
You've failed twice.
This time. I want my wife.
- Jacob!
- Hey. squirt.
- How you doing?
- Look. Jacob's here.
- Hey. Jacob.
- When did you get here? Where's Paul?
I got here late last
night. And Paul. well...
Paul couldn't make it.
Hey. Joey. will you give
Jacob and me a minute?
- It's okay. dude. We don't need a minute.
- Jacob. let me explain. Let me talk to you.
Look at this place. Will you
show me around. buddy?
- Will you do that?
- Sure.
Let's go.
When is Ryan Hardy getting here?
Okay. Good. He's pulling up now.
All right. Thanks.
Ryan Hardy? Marshal Ferguson.
Claire's in the next room.
Hey. CLAIRE: Hey.
Ah. nobody's
telling me the truth.
What do you wanna
know? I'll tell you anything.
Uh. for starters. why was
I denied media access?
Joe's people were targeting
women named Claire Matthews...
in the Richmond area and...
two of them were killed.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
I just... I don't understand
why no one can find him.
How does a cult of killers
stay hidden this long?
His followers have
proven to be sophisticated.
Their tactical skills. cyber
invasion. they're on a terrorist level.
Plus. some of them
are trained military.
And now he's with Joey.
That madman has my son.
We need to move
you someplace safer.
Those are cool shades.
Where'd you get those?
Be advised. looks like they're headed for
the stairway or the elevator at this time.
Whole wing is locked down.
They're somewhere in this
hallway. I got the master key.
See you on the other side.
Do a walk-through. Let
me know when it's clear.
Yes. sir. You got it.
- Where's Claire?
- Right here. I'm ready.
Hey. is there a
problem out there?
My men in the lobby saw a
couple guys who looked suspicious.
Ah. let's do this.
No screw-ups.
Clear.
You and Claire go out
back. I got you covered.
Stay with me.
Okay. come on.
Clear.
Come on.
Get in.
- Come here.
- Wait.
- Back off. Drop the gun.
- Or what?
You're not gonna shoot her.
Okay. come on. Come
on. we gotta go. Come on.
Damn. that hurt.
- You have a cell phone?
- No.
Take out the SIM card.
Where are we going?
Someplace safe.
I don't understand. Where is he?
- I don't know.
He destroyed his SIM card and
deactivated the GPS on his car.
He's being smart. He's
worried about being traced.
So he must have Claire.
- Where would they go?
- Brooklyn. It's a four-hour drive.
Have an undercover
patrol his place in Brooklyn.
- You think he went home?
- FBI surveillance footage is in.
There's four dead at the scene.
including Marshal Ferguson.
- I have face recognition.
- Let's get IDs.
We need to find them
before they find Hardy.
- Is this the place?
- I hope so.
I'm looking for a
guy named Tyson.
- What the hell are you doing here?
- Heh.
Come here.
Heh. this is Claire. - Hey.
- Claire.
- Good to meet you.
Yeah. Come on. let's go inside.
So how do you two
know each other?
Uh. we went through
Quantico together.
I've been stuck with him ever
since. Tried to get rid of him.
I dumped him on the road a couple
of times. but he found his way back.
- Are you still with the Bureau?
- I'm no longer an agent.
In fact. I'm no longer alive.
thanks to a certain crime syndicate.
I now live in the wonderful
land of nonexistence.
Tyson's been in witness
protection for four years.
Oh.
So you did the right thing
coming here. This is a safe place.
Hey.
Talk to me. Who's
trying to kill you?
Three of Joe's followers took
out a motel full of federal agents.
But we lost them.
No one's gonna find you here.
Thanks. Ty.
Hey. that's what
friends are for.
Okay. I've read enough.
You shouldn't do this.
This will make you rich and famous for five
minutes. and then it's gonna be a bad idea.
- Pfft. tell me why.
- This is gonna define you.
Ry. you are a kick-ass
agent. but if you publish this...
you're gonna be that one agent. the
Joe Carroll guy. forever and always.
What if I told you
I wanted to do it?
That it might help me?
You know. really help me.
Then I say go for
it. What do I know?
I miss you. man.
It's really good to see you.
Wow.
This is a cool room.
I guess. Whatever.
Hey. this place is awesome.
What. you don't like it here?
I don't know. I miss my mom.
Jacob.
How did you sleep?
- Morning. Joe. I slept great.
- Good.
Good morning. Joey.
- Hey. Joey. don't be rude.
- No. no. no. It's all right.
My son is still. uh. adjusting.
Did you get a chance to
have a good look around?
- Yeah. Joey gave me the grand tour.
- Good.
I'm sure you're gonna be
very happy here with us all.
There's just one thing
I'd like you to do for me.
Yeah. sure. Anything.
You talk to Emma.
Give her a chance to
explain her side of things.
- You two need each other.
- After what she did...
She was taking care of my son.
She did what was asked of her.
And now I ask a favor of you.
Resolve this. Settle
your differences.
You understand?
- She left us for dead.
- I'm sure that's how you feel.
But I need you to forgive her.
You love Emma. I know you do.
Okay?
Emma's a selfish
bitch. Always was.
Surveillance footage from the
hotel matched Vincent McKinnley.
Wanted in connection with
three murders in New York.
- The other's Brock Wickford.
- Brothers. in a sense.
They met in the juvenile
system. Both products of abuse.
They were sent to a foster home
that was busted for militia activity.
- I'm sure they picked up great skills there.
- I hacked into Vincent's e-mail.
He communicates internationally.
same as our other cult folks.
I couldn't retrieve
any content...
but I did find this one sequence
embedded in his e-mails.
What is that? A password?
It could be. It's
meant to be hidden.
Ah. Charles Mead had a
series of encrypted URLs.
See if you get lucky.
Yeah?
Nothing? Ah.
Thank you.
Ryan and Claire aren't at his place.
They've just completely disappeared.
Hi.
Joe wanted me to come
and talk to you. so here I am.
Can you sit?
Well?
Okay.
This is hard.
I've been thinking about what
to say to you since last night.
When you were
surprised to see me?
- Did you think I was dead?
- No.
I don't know. I didn't
know what to think.
I'm so sorry about Paul.
- I loved him too.
- Pfft. no. you didn't.
I did.
I know you think
I abandoned you.
And maybe I did. but
you can't just blame me.
- I was doing what Roderick told me to do.
- You didn't have to leave us.
It was crazy that
night. Confusing.
- I was nearly killed too. I almost lost Joey.
- No. you didn't.
You were fine. Both of you were.
I felt terrible.
But I couldn't go back.
not with all the police and...
Roderick just kept saying.
"Move forward. Take Joey home."
You would've done
the same thing.
That's where you're wrong.
Please don't be like this.
I wish I could undo it...
and make things right.
I love you. Jacob.
You know that. right?
- Where did Ryan go?
- He wanted to clean up.
So you guys are pretty close?
I'm not gonna lie.
I know the story.
Yeah.
Or as close as anyone
can get to the man.
He tries really hard
to push you away.
I just refuse to budge.
That's how it is with
him. Refuse to budge.
He tries. but he can't
quite bring anyone inside.
- And it goes further back than Joe Carroll.
- Yeah. I know about his family.
- He tell you about his death curse?
- Yeah.
What about other women?
- There were some.
- Hmm.
When he was younger.
he went through them quick.
Some good ones too.
But no one serious?
His last girl. Molly. she
wanted to be serious.
Sweet girl too.
That's a good thing.
Don't think it would...
- Uh. excuse me. Hold this
for me. Hold it. RYAN: What?
- Molly.
- Heh.
- So nice to finally meet you.
- Aw.
Oh. you too. best friend. Oh.
no. but wait. wait. wait. Okay.
You have to tell me what
is wrong with this man.
I mean. really. I need all the dirt
before I invest any more time in him.
Ryan? Ah. cut your losses now.
I'm the better pick. He's a freak.
- Heh.
- Really? How so?
Oh. hand puppets.
It's his hobby. fetish. whatever.
- Uh-huh.
He makes them out of old socks.
puts on private shows. It's creepy.
- Ha. ha.
- I'll take my chances. heh.
Mm-hm. MOLLY: Mm.
She tried.
Held on as long as she
could. but you know the drill.
But let's face it.
If he couldn't go
there with you...
she didn't stand a chance.
So was there ever
anyone serious?
Yeah. Claire. You.
Okay. okay. what lies are
you telling about me now?
Girl talk. none of your business.
- Ah.
Is that right? CLAIRE: Ryan.
What is it?
I don't know. I found
it in my sweater.
They must have tagged you. When
Joe's guy jumped you at the motel.
- Does that mean they know we're here?
- Yeah. they know.
I'm really sorry for bringing
my problems into your home.
I owe the guy.
Ryan has saved my
life more than once.
And he's not one to ask for help.
so him coming here says a lot. Hey...
I'm glad you came.
Well. if they're out
there. I don't see them.
I have a state-of-the-art
alarm system out there.
Pfft. these guys are better than that.
man. Carrying Micro Uzis and wearing vests.
We're short on ammo.
So we better make these count.
And this will blow
right through their vest.
We just gotta surprise
them with a trick or two.
What did you have in mind?
I hate bologna.
I know it's not your favorite.
but I couldn't find anything else.
Lizzie needs to go shopping.
Who's Lizzie? Why is she here?
She's a friend of your dad's.
And everyone else.
they're friends too?
That's right.
Why do they all live here?
And how come my
dad's not in jail anymore?
Maybe you should
ask him that yourself.
I'll be right back. Joey. okay?
Oh. s'mores.
S'mores. s'mores. s'mores.
Oh. hey. Joey.
Don't mind me.
And then Chocolate and then...
Chocolate. Chocolate?
- You're doing it wrong.
- Hmm?
You're supposed to heat
the marshmallows first.
Yes. Yes. of course.
So. Joey...
Is there anything
you want to ask me?
No? I'll tell you
anything you like.
Let me just take
this. like this...
Don't break the crackers. Don't
you know how to make s'mores?
You know. it's. uh...
It's... It's been a while. uh...
Do you think you could help me?
- I don't know.
- Oh.
Oh. come on. I'm
dying for a s'mores.
It's absolutely my...
My favorite food.
It's my favorite food too.
No way. Is it really yours too?
Oh. well. now... You...
You've gotta show me
because I'm. heh. useless. I...
Great.
Here. come here. Jump up.
There we go.
Now...
When am I gonna see my mom?
What if I said
really. really soon?
Yeah. Okay.
Now. chocolate. yeah?
Anything?
No. not yet.
So we just wait?
I want you to stay
here. lock the door...
barricade yourself.
we'll be right downstairs.
Are you okay?
I'll be okay when
we're out of here.
And when you're safe.
Tyson's safe. Joey's...
No. I mean. I know that you have
this theory that everyone dies on you.
- It's not a theory.
- Well. it's not reality either.
Okay. is this really the
time to talk about this...?
I don't know. Is this
the time? Tell me.
When is there ever a good
time for us to talk about anything?
Why didn't you call me?
- Eight years. why didn't you call?
- I told you...
- I'm your past. you need to move forward.
- What if you are my forward?
Look at us. we're screwed up. damaged.
who else is out there for either of us?
It's just that I know what
I'll always represent to you.
Well. then. what if I
told you I love you?
I'd say that's a
really bad idea.
And...
And that I love you too.
There's. uh. a house
through these trees.
Claire's in the
back west corner.
- And we gotta move fast.
- Brock. you're up.
Scout the place. put that on.
One down.
I told you it would work.
Point-blank range.
right through the vest.
- Guard the back. I'll check on Claire.
- All right.
Sorry. I'm sorry. I heard a
gunshot. What happened?
There's two more
of them outside.
Wait here.
I know you're in there. Claire.
Come out.
No one else has to die.
No more bloodshed.
I'll take you to Joey.
You just come out.
Ryan!
You okay?
Tyson. Come on.
Hey. Ty... Tyson!
Did you get him?
No.
- He got me.
- Come here.
Get him inside.
All right. come on.
Over here. Let's
get him over here.
All right. put him down. Put him down.
Easy. easy. buddy. easy. Set him down.
Okay. there's two wounds.
Okay.
- Enough. no talking. Don't talk...
- Have to get him to a hospital.
Hang on. buddy. Come
on. Tyson. stay with me.
- Just stay awake. That's it. that's it.
- I'm okay. I'm good.
- What was that?
- I don't know.
Wait here. I'll be right back.
- Ryan. don't go down there.
- Hey...
You heard him.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'll be right back.
You don't wanna do that. Claire.
- Claire? RODERICK:
The killing has to stop.
Don't you wanna see Joey?
Take me to my son.
Claire.
Claire!
Wait!
Yeah. come in.
Hey.
I just wanted to check on you.
How you doing?
Are you okay?
I know it's gonna
take time but...
I wanna win back your trust.
I love you. Jacob.
You were right. it was a password.
This is from Charlie's encrypted URLs.
Watch what happens
when I enter the sequence.
And the Raven. never flitting
Still is sitting.
still is sitting
On the pallid bust of Pallas
Just above my chamber door
And his eyes have
all the seeming...
- Creepy as hell.
- Looks like one of Joe Carroll's fan sites.
No. there's
something here. Can I?
Throws his shadow on the floor
And my soul...
Is that a glitch?
No. See how the pointer
vanishes when I scroll over it?
CARROLL: Nevermore
- What the hell?
- There's a secret door.
It's called steganography. innocuous
websites with hidden portals.
- Is this live?
- No. it's recorded.
Hello. friend. you've
been allowed entry.
Be prepared to
change your life forever.
Enter your name and your e-mail.
and someone will get back to you.
What?
I'll be right back.
Why are you doing this?
You know why.
I'm not gonna kill her.
I'm dead because of her.
She betrayed us.
She deserves to die.
No.
You're the one that's dead.
Jacob. Jacob. Jacob.
Jacob. kill her.
Kill her. you know you want
to. You want to. just kill her.
I'm not gonna do it.
- Kill her.
- I'm not gonna do it. just leave me alone!
She lied to you.
- She lied to you. just kill her. Kill her!
- Stop.
Stop. Stop it. Stop it.
I'm so sorry. Paul.
What is it?
I never told you how Paul died.
I took a pillow...
and I suffocated him.
I killed Paul.
Jacob.
Yeah.
I've killed now.
I killed my best friend...
because of you.
I have a real taste for it now.
I'd watch my back if I were you.
I'm gonna hang around in
case he wakes up. if that's okay.
- Mm-hm. Okay.
- Thanks.
Yeah.
CARROLL: Hello. Ryan.
How are you?
But more importantly. uh...
how is your friend?
Is he okay?
I do hope you
didn't get him killed.
I'd hate for you to have to add him
to that long list of dead loved ones.
If you hurt Claire...
Hurt Claire?
Have you been
listening at all. Ryan?
I love Claire.
She's on her way to me now. By
all accounts she came quite willingly.
I'm done. Joe. I quit.
Oh. come. come. That's no way to
talk to the man who saved your life.
I've allowed you
a second chance.
Don't you understand
anything yet...
Ryan?
No. this is your story. your...
Your rebirth.
Don't you feel it?
With every death...
you come just a little
bit more back to life.
So. no. No. you can't quit now.
No. you're... You're not quite
yet the man you need to be.
You go to hell.
Don't push her away. You
gotta stop with this death curse.
It's crazy to think that way.
You can let people
get close to you.
I mean. look at us.
I'm practically your wife.
you haven't gotten me killed.
- Heh.
- We've been together over 20 years...
I'm still standing.
Nobody wants to die alone.
- We all die alone.
- All the more reason not to live that way.
- Well. hey. I've got you.
- Heh. yes. you do.
All right. love
birds. food's ready.
- Uh. Joe?
- Hmm.
Molly.
Joe.
It's so good to see you.